Colin.hillis/doc 5465/c5 ga release notes (#1425)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/introduction/release-notes/5.0.0.md

section_menu: corda5
---
# Corda 5.0.0 Release Notes
This is the release of the next generation of Corda. This major new release introduces the concept of a virtual node and it runs on a new architecture with a new technology stack to provide the foundations for running Corda at scale. 

> Corda 5.0 will be supported on a short-term support cycle and will be supported by R3 until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).

Reviewer: sentence is a bit convoluted
```suggestion
Corda 5.0 shall be supported on a short-term support cycle by R3 until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).
```

Author: Resolved by alternative suggestion for this line.

> Corda 5.0 will be supported on a short-term support cycle and will be supported by R3 until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
R3 will support Corda 5.0 on a short-term support cycle until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).
```

> Corda 5.0 will be supported on a short-term support cycle and will be supported by R3 until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Corda 5.0 will be supported on a short-term support cycle by R3 until a long-term support release is available. Refer to [End of Life Strategy]({{< relref "../about-the-docs.md#end-of-life-strategy">}}).
```

Author: Resolved by alternative suggestion for this line.

## Known Issues and Limitations

> * The Corda 5.0 API is a breaking change from the Corda 4x API and requires Corda distributed application (CorDapp) developers to port their CorDapps to the new Corda 5.0 Java based API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Corda 5.0 API is a breaking change from the Corda 4.x APIs and requires Corda Distributed Application (CorDapp) developers to port their CorDapps to the new Corda 5.0 Java based API.
```

> * The Corda 5.0 API is a breaking change from the Corda 4x API and requires Corda distributed application (CorDapp) developers to port their CorDapps to the new Corda 5.0 Java based API.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Corda 5.0 API is a breaking change from the Corda 4x API and requires Corda distributed application (CorDapp) developers to port their CorDapps to the new Corda 5.0 Java-based API.
```

Author: Resolved by new commit, as I couldn't directly commit suggested alternative.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* Upgrades and/or migrations from Corda 4.x and Corda 5 Beta releases are not supported in this release, but guidance for this will be provided in a later release.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

* CorDapp flow latency and throughput is not targeted for production workloads; this will be addressed in a later release.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
